<span class='booktitle'>An Exploration of Fae Volume 1:  The Winston Grove</span><br><br>

<span class='bookauthor'>By Nigel Pricklegrape</span><br><br>

If you are a loyal reader of mine, you are already aware of my love for exotic races. From kitsune to nagas, I like to leave no stone unturned. However, there is one race in particular that I have been dying to explore but have never gotten the opportunity to do so and that is the elusive fae. The fae have always been very secluded and rarely do they interact with any non-fae (and those poor souls that do get to interact with fae often end up as trees or the like). I have tried for learn more with very little luck. The most I learned was from a fae called Rachael Winston who was kind enough to tell me a little bit about herself, but it was by far not enough to write a biography. That is, until I ran into a fairy called Violet Winston. Much like Rachael, she is a great fairy of the Winston grove which until now was shrouded in mystery. Violet told me that their fairy council had decided that it was time the people of Sunnyglade learned of its location and she came to me personally to give me the honours of being the first one! That is not the only fae she talked to me about though as she was also vastly knowledgeable about a different sisterhood of fae. A much more ancient clan of fae that she refers to as 'The Elders'. One such fairy is one most of us are probably already familiar with, namely Jewdewfae. Violet was able to tell me a lot about the dark secrets that lie within this elder sisterhood and how different it is in comparison to her own sisterhood. It was a very interesting talk, and I shall talk in detail about both kinds of fae, beginning with the Winston grove.</br></br>

Violet thought that it was best if I saw it all with my own eyes, and thus I was transformed into a fairy myself (It felt pretty strange, being so small, not to mention being made female (for there are no male fairies) but then again, I believe we have all gone through that at some point) and I was led into the grove. The sights were simply smashing! There were fairies everywhere, the place was absolutely littered with flowers of all shapes, colours and sizes and the central tree was simply stunning. It was a lot to take in, but I had little time to react as a lot of the fae flying around all came darting at me the moment they saw me, all wanting to greet me and happily ask who I was. I assumed that they had all expected my arrival but considering I was female now, I decided to introduce myself as Nicole.</br></br>

After that initial greeting, Violet was finally able to fly me around the grove. We flew in a circle around the central tree and the sights were simply astonishing, but I shall not dwell on it for too long as by the time you are reading this, you will probably already be on your way to see it for yourself! Eventually we arrived at quite a massive flower that was perched on one of the branches of the central tree. Now this flower was unlike any flower that I had ever seen as this one opened up at Violet's touch and it revealed itself to actually be a house of sorts. That is when I realized that all of the flowers I had seen up until that point must have all also been homes to the fairies! How fascinating.</br></br>

At this point I was of course overflowing with questions as I was led inside Violet's home, but she simply held up her hand with a laugh. She was going to explain everything one thing at a time. Good thing too because I don't think she would have survived my onslaught of questions! First she explained to me how the Winston grove came to be in the first place. It has been standing now for well over 9000 years and the central tree was first planted by nature itself. In its first few years, it simply grew but after a good 200 years, the first flowers started to grow. Flowers that would soon reveal themselves to house new young fairies. Violet, as well as the earlier mentioned Rachael were one of those first fae. As Violet was able to tell me though, Rachael was apparently known as Valencia back then, but she had died roughly 143 years ago. Naturally this piqued my curiosity. If Rachael had died once, why was she still around now? That is how I learned that fairies, with the help of great fairies, reincarnate. When a fae is born she is born from a flower, as I already explained before, and the fae will always keep a special connection with this flower. It becomes their house, their source of magic and even something much more than that. When a fairy dies, her flower will wither. This represents the passing of the old life. In its place, a great fae will grow a new flower, together with the spirit of the deceased fae and she is reborn again, but with no recollection of her previous life. This rarely happens though as fae can live eternally and they are very hard to kill (but why anyone would want to do so is beyond me). Naturally I got curious again now. What would happen if the flower is destroyed while the fae is still out and about all full of life? Violet told me that when this happens, said fairy would lose her ability to use magic (at least, until the flower is restored again). Quite a sad thing to happen in both cases, but interesting to learn about nonetheless!</br></br>

Now, I was curious about something else. When I met Rachael, she had three young fae with her that referred to her as 'mom' rather than sister. I had also see that most of the flowers in the grove were not all on the central tree, but around it instead. I asked how this all happened as I had assumed that all fae were sisters and were born from the tree. This is where I learned that the fairies of the Winston grove sometimes take in a non-fae as their child. This can happen in two ways. One: the fae grow a new flower in the grove and then imbue this flower with the spirit of the non-fairy. Over the next month, the new fairy will grow inside the flower and the spirit will completely be accustomed to its new lifestyle. All of this with the help of a great fairy. At this point they will still remember their past life, but none of these newer fae have shown any signs of regret and most even completely forget about their old lives after a while. Two: a great fairy can decide to have children of her own. Now this stumped me. One of the few things I knew about fae is that they cannot reproduce. At least, not the normal way. They can of course have sex, but solely for pleasure. Violet then explained to me how it was still possible to have children. First, the fairy turns herself into an alraune. It turns out that not only do alraune look and smell pretty, they can in fact also act as a birthing flower to a fae! Next up, the alraune fairy unbirths the soon to be daughter fairy and much like with method one, it takes about a month before she pops out again. Again, a great fairy must help out the pregnant alraune in order to help shape the new daughter fairy. These daughter fae are usually bigger and better at magic than their tree-kin, yet they are not considered great fae.</br></br>

Now I was curious about this distinction between fae and great fae. Other than their size and what I already heard, I did not fully understand what a great fairy implies. Naturally, Violet explained! Great fae, in short, are seen as leaders. They help out the younger, lesser fae, they make the big decisions where needed and they simply possess much more magic than the lesser fae. A fairy is granted the status of great fairy by the high council usually after having achieved a great feat of some kind. This can be a journey of some kind or just a general showcase of great leadership.</br></br>

'High council?' I asked her. Yes, the great fae in the grove (currently there are 10 of them) have formed a council in order to keep more organized. Of these 10 great fae only one of them is not in the council. That being Rachael for she did not want to sit in a dusty meeting hall all day. Understandable! As such though, while she is still a great fairy and does do whatever the other great fae do, she is seen as much less of a leader.</br></br>

Magic was the next subject that we explored. I had noticed previously that all of the fae that were flying around through the grove all seemed to be emitting light in all the colours that you could imagine. She explained to me that this was their magical core that resides within each and every one of them and it actually shines outwards. It also seemed that this core and this glow are directly tied to a fairy's emotions. Positive emotions make them glow brighter while negative emotions make them glow dimmer. A very enlightening discovery if you excuse my pun! 'But wait Nigel, did you not say earlier that their flowers are the source of their magic?' I hear you ask. Why yes, that is indeed what I said. Their magical cores is what's directly tied to their flowers, hence why if a fae's flower is destroyed, so is the link with her core. She may then only have enough magic for just a little bit before it is fully extinguished. It was now that I understood why the grove was kept secret for so long. They wouldn't want any trespassers accidentally (or even purposefully) to step on their flowers! I was quite curious on whether I was even allowed to write this, but Violet seemed to be perfectly fine with it, telling me that they had recently charmed the flowers to be more defensive. Smashing!</br></br>

At this point I got really curious about what distinguishes this grove from the 'Elders'. Well one of the biggest differences is that because the Winston grove is only 9000 years old, the fae have grown up in a world where humans have always been around. They have learned to grow up with them, how to deal with them and even grew to like them. As mentioned earlier, they sometimes even take in a human as one of their own. Still, they also realize how dangerous humans and the like can be, which is also a reason for why the grove is so heavily protected with a lot of charms. Most do not even know of its existence and a simple diversion charm solves a lot of problems alone. It is a funny little charm that makes people who do not know about the grove absentmindedly decide to just go elsewhere. But then what about harmful people who do know of its existence and wish to infiltrate? That can also be stopped easily. Every fairy has a certain mark somewhere on her body and this mark ensures entrance into the grove. When someone enters the grove that does not possess this mark, they will soon find themselves transforming into a small flower or the like to prevent them from going any further. The fae of the grove will then alter the infiltrator's memories before they are let go again outside of the forest. They certainly are forgiving! I did now get quite worried about myself. I entered the grove without a mark after all. Violet reassured me that she kept that from happening with her own magic. I was quite relieved to hear that!</br></br>

So by now, Violet told me that that was pretty much the most interesting facts about the Winston fairy grove that she was able to tell me. Now… it was time to finally talk about these 'Elders'!</br></br>