<span class='booktitle'>The Crimes of the Seekshadow Duo</span><br><br>

<span class='bookauthor'>A notice from Ambassador Delaar of the High Council of the Eastern Five Realms</span><br><br>

Inhabitants of Sunnyglade, let it be known that we have reason to believe you may soon or already have encountered two legendary members of the infamous Seekshadow Guild, a pair of thieves in the form of humanoid rats known as Brother Lujako and Sister Lujinne Seekshadow.  While the motives these thieves have in traveling to your realm and disrupting the peace in your city are unknown to us, we wish to list our grievances with this dangerous duo and notify your denizens that the High Council of the Eastern Five Realms have offered a bounty to anyone who is able to bring these rampant criminals to justice.<br><br>

In order to better understand the nature of these Seekshadow thieves, here is a brief recounting of some of their most famous criminal undertakings.<br><br>

<h3>
 The Theft of Sun Staff of Delgoromakadedt
</h3>

An ancient symbol of a great family, the Sun Staff of Delgoromakadedt was stolen from the royal palace's vaults on a warm summer day during the routine afternoon change of the guard.  The thieves evidently scaled the walls using both conventional hooks and chains as well as some unknown cloaking magic to conceal their ascent from onlookers. Their plan had not gone flawlessly, however, and once at the top of the wall several guards discovered the intruders and attempted to stop them.  The thieves' superior martial prowess overwhelmed the patrol and they passed through the front gates to find and loot the target of their mission.<br><br>

Precise details of this encounter are vague as none of the guards who participated in the melee are willing to speak of the incident and offer a narrative of events.  Lujienne seems to have cast some dreadful curse of silence upon all of the soldiers there to witness the battle.  Anyone afflicted by the curse would begin to transform into bronze statues in the shape of voluptuous dancing women, the curse triggered by each word of the encounter that victim uttered to investigators, friends, or family alike.  Naturally, few desired to reveal any information and suffer these effects.  We only have the record that we do about this encounter from the bravery of the patrol's captain who, out of an impressive and noble (not to mention quite overzealous) loyalty to his king and queen, quickly retold as much of the short battle as he could before the bronze sealed over his lips, replacing the last few remnants of his skin with polished bronze.<br><br>

The captain, now a beautiful bronze woman locked in the pose of a dancer, was later mounted on a pedestal in the royal gardens where she remains to this day.  New recruits and devoted soldiers have begun to make regular pilgrimages to honor her sacrifice and take an oath to take vengeance on the Seekshadow thieves, should they attempt to return.  But it's also said some only come to admire her silent standing beauty or rub her nipples for good luck.  It is said you can faintly hear her squeak in delight to those who do, giving some hope that one day she may be restored and pursue the thieves even years after the crime.<br><br>

<h3>
2.  The Abduction of Baron Gastlalia's Daughter
</h3>

Baron Gastlalia, a wealthy and rather unpopular landlord in the islands of the Gathonian archipelago, rushed up to his young twenty year old daughter's bedroom after hearing suspicious scraping sounds upstairs.  When he entered the chamber he saw the bed empty, sheets drawn back and crumpled on the floor.  The window was wide open despite an arcane seal of protection that had nonetheless been shattered by the thieves' invasive magic.<br><br>

On the daughter's bed was a note that demanded the sum of a great amount of Arpeyjis for her safe return, followed by a warning not to attempt and pursue the thieves through the surrounding woods.  Not heeding the warning and unwilling to suffer the indignity of paying the ransom, the baron drafted a search party from some mercenaries, hunters, and coerced peasants, departing a day later.  The trackers quickly stumbled upon a trail of clues indicating which route the thieves had taken and where they had set up camp at night.  Too easy to find, some wisely warned, as if they were intentionally baiting the baron to follow.<br><br>

The thieves' threats were indeed not idle, and one by one nearly all of the members of the search party stumbled across cursed runes and charms concealed by the wilderness.  The unfortunate man or woman who triggered the trap was quickly transformed into various forest wildlife such as deer, squirrels, hawks, rabbits, bluejays, otters, bears, a male and female raccoon, foxes, wolves, and four legged or winged beasts of many other varieties.  Each transformed victim retained his or her memories of their human selves for several days following their transformation, tagging along with the party so as to not be mistaken as wild game to be shot for meat.  But in time all eventually wandered off and were never seen again, lured away by the temptation of finding mates amongst the wilderness.<br><br>

The baron himself was the thieves' last victim before the hunt was called off, tripping over a seal that transformed him into a great fat mindless boar.  Some say that his fearful and furious remaining search party members had led him deliberately into it as a way to seek retribution for their conscription, not to mention the loss of friends, husbands, wives, sons, and daughters.  The whereabouts of the baron's daughter remains a mystery to this day, but there are rumors that she rejected an offer to be freed and joined up with the Seekshadows, possibly having even orchestrated the abduction from the very beginning.  As for the baron, a financial trust was set up to safeguard his assets.  It's members do their best to interpret the boar's every grunt, trying to detect some type of signal or communication as to who will inherit the baron's dwindling wealth.   But anyone who has seen what remains of the baron firsthand sees nothing more than a particularly obese and pampered hog.<br><br>

<h3>
3.  The Theft at the Brothel of the Seven Singing Stones
</h3>

High on the greatest level of the Great Ziggurat atop Mount Whistlesong is an abandoned brothel built over an old temple known as the Brothel of the Seven Singing Stones.  Otherwise unextraordinary, the high priest who oversaw the temple successfully salvaged seven singing stones from an ancient wrecked vessel sunk to the bottom of a nearby ocean trench.  Although their mystical properties were unknown at first and thought of nothing more than pretty ornaments, by accident several of the priests later found that they had unique arcane powers when arranged in a star formation.  These crystal orbs possessed magic which would enhance the beauty and restore the youth of anyone who stood within the star, sometimes changing the priests into priestesses or the other way around, the being transforming into whatever form they secretly felt was the most beautiful in existence.  The transformation would last weeks at a time depending on how long the person inside was exposed.  However, the experimenting priests eventually learned that staying within that influence too long at a time would cause the occupants to lose their minds and memories to their bliss and rationed out who could enjoy the power of the singing stones powers carefully and jealously.<br><br>

It didn't take long for the high priest to monetize this opportunity, selecting himself a few of his favorite priests to become as beautiful and unimaginably seductive gods and goddesses fit to satisfy the pickiest of kings and queens for years at a time.  Some transformed priests and priestesses traveled away, renting him or herself as courtesans to their client or even be married into royalty directly.  Those who stayed converted the temple to a brothel, drawing in clients from all of the Allied Realms who would spend great sums of money to enjoy the sexual companionship of the concubine priests and priestesses.  Others, at great price, purchased the privilege to stay a few minutes within the star themselves and bathe in its erotic warmth.<br><br>

After thirteen years of this unquestionably profitable operation, Lujienne and Lujako infiltrated the temple disguised as wealthy patrons.  Smuggling in knives and summoning spears from thin air, they herded all of the bewildered priests, priestesses, and miscellaneous visitors within the ring.  Crowded together and becoming stupefied by the inrush of erotic bliss their victims too little to no notice as the thieves robbed the treasury and the silk garments worn by the crowd.  The duo held the unfortunate mob in place for all fifteen hours of the night, several times longer than anyone had dared spend between the singing stones than ever before. <br><br>

At dawn the duo finally stole the priceless singing stones themselves and escaped completed unopposed, the overexposed and sexually overwhelmed captives far too lost in an endless naked orgy realize what was happening outside of their immediate carnal pleasures.  Investigation became a dangerous ordeal, the grouping of so much otherworldly beauty such an alluring sight to behind that they posed great danger to any man or woman who laid eyes upon them, tempting them to join the throng of moans and gasps of pleasure.  The entire ziggurat was soon abandoned, the remaining priests lucky enough to have been away with clients taking what wealth remained and leaving their companions to their fate of the torment of infinite mindless pleasure.  While travel to the mountain is now forbidden, on certain nights the wind still carries the sounds of lovemaking down from the peak of the ziggurat and a few souls go missing every year when they are lured up through loneliness or curiosity.<br><br>

<h3>
4.  The Dismantling of the Village of Eldertide
</h3>

One might be tempted to think of this duo as romantic heroes stealing from those who don't deserve their wealth, but by no means do the Seekshadow thieves redistribute to the poor as does your realm's iconic bandit--a certain Robin Hood, we believe you call him.  Common folks have also been the target of the Seekshadow thieves' greed and simple pettiness, and few of their crimes demonstrate this better than the dismantling of the village of Eldertide.<br><br>

The Seekshadow guild expands its territory and influence as any growing population does.  In this instance the guild master had her eyes and ears set on the sleepy small village of Eldertide, a colony well hidden amongst caves and rocks, so impoverished that over the centuries few kings or queens even remembered its existence, the tax collectors not even bothering to waste the time traveling there.  This led to a degree of independence from various monarchs and later on the principalities and republics who technically ruled over them on paper.  When Seekshadow agents approached, demanding the village clear out some houses to make room for a new guild hall and dock, the townsfolk refused and chased the representatives out with farming and fishing instruments, the only weapons they peaceful villagers had on hand.<br><br>

Lujienne and Lujako was the guild's response.  One evening the two approached disguised as weary humble travelers and were welcomed in for what food the host family could spare as well as a warm bed for a night or two.  The first family was that of Patrick Fenshaw and his wife Lula Gardens.  In the middle of the night as the couple slept, Lujienne cast an enchantment on Patrick that gave him the body and memories of their neighbor's soon-to-be-wed virgin daughter and changed Lula into a doppleganger of the village's elderly baker.  Dazed, the two sleptwalk (assisted by magic no doubt) to the hovels each respectively now believed to be their home, crawling into bed alongside the original inhabitants.  Dawn was broken by two loud shrieks coming from the neighbor's house, two loud womanly screeches as Patrick and the daughter woke up next to each other, identical for all appearances.<br><br>

Before long the townspeople had all woken and gathered about the two panicked girls, as confused as one might expect.  It took until late afternoon before the townsfolk realized that the elderly baker could be seen walking about the crowd at different places at the same time, the poor man and his doppleganger's discovery setting off another bout of commotion  Having made no progress deciding which of the clones were the originals and which the duplicates, not to mention having neglected their jobs for the entire day, the villagers went to sleep, never noticing that Patrick and Lula's house had been completely dismantled and its materials removed by Lujienne and Lujako.  Whether or not the thieves used enchantments or had a host of friends to assist remains unknown.<br><br>

This incident repeated the next night when the doctor and smith found that they were now duplicates  of the others' wife.  The poor husbands had two confused wives pleading that they were the original, the other the imposter.  When the chaos settled, both mens' houses had also vanished from sight with little more than a patch of dead grass to reveal that the structures had ever stood there.  The next evening two fishermen also found themselves with the bodies of townswomen and an elderly woman who lived a bit aways was seen eating grass while her horse tried to scrawl writing out into the dirt.<br><br>

This continued for 31 nights straight, after which not a single occupant of the village remained in their original bodies before the thieves meddled in the town's affairs.  All 138 inhabitants had been swapped once or several times and not so much as a tent remained to live in, so with nothing to stay for, the villagers all parted separate ways, most having their memories eventually restored though not the bodies they had been born in.  Unsurprisingly a guild hall was constructed in the empty clearing not long after, the Seekshadows having looted every nail and plank from the villagers to construct it.<br><br>

<i>With this knowledge, be of the utmost care when dealing with Lujienne and Lujako and protect against all you care about, lest your belongings and your citizens go missing.</i><br><br>
