<p class="result">As you walk around the strip club you see a voluptuous, topless stripper with long black hair rubbing her crotch along a pole, putting on a show for a small crowd of burly men seated at a nearby table.  The half-drunken brutes chug down beer and barking at her like wild dogs.  As the stripper leans over to give the horny men a close up view of her thong, one of the men suddenly stumbles up out of his chair and takes a drunken slap at it.  The stripper understandably recoils--touching the performers is quite illegal, even if some of the workers bend some of the rules for the sake of an extra twenty dollars in their G-strings.  Unfortunately the drunken man is none too pleased at this and angrily slurs his frustrating, starting to pull himself up on the stage for a second attempt.</p>

<p class="result">It's at this point when you notice a voluptuous blonde woman in a trench coat sitting at a nearby corner table, watching the scene silently unfold from the shadows.  At least until now--seeing the man pull himself up on stage and terrify the poor woman, she kicks her chair away and approaches the brute with a syringe in her hand.  Before anyone can react she plunges it into the man's ass, injecting him with a glowing pink liquid inside.  "You pig!" she yells as the man hops back down, clutching his rear.  "I've waited far too long to put an end to stupid morons like you.  If all you want to do is fuck then I'm going to make sure you can't do anything else, ever!  My name is Doctor Lovebringer--remember it, all of you--the dawn of a new age has BEGUN!!!"</p>

<p class="result">You and the rest of the shocked men watch, mouths agape, as the injected man suddenly sprouts two massive breasts and a perky round ass, his face turning soft and feminine with a natural blush and plump red lips.  Silky long blonde hair tumbles down from his scalp and his waist shrinks to unobtainable wasp-like narrowness.  She  The newly transformed bimbo's terrified shrieking turns into a lustful moan and she pounces on one of her former male companions, slobbering him with kisses and tearing away his jeans and underwear as he kicks himself down underneath a table.  When they re-emerge some seconds later, there are now two bimbos instead of one, both licking their lips and eyeing the rest of the crowd with lustful grins, scoping out their targets.</p>
  
<p class="result">One bimbo seizes the trembling stripper's leg and pulls her down off the stage into her lap with a surprising amount of strength and speed, and within seconds the stripper too has become like her.  The other bimbo tackles a bouncer rushing in to stop the commotion.  You don't need to stick around to see the aftermath of what goes on here.  The Bimbocalypse has begun...</p>