<p>As you are searching about inside the hall of the great central tree, you suddenly hear a stern voice behind you. "What do you think you're doing here?!" You turn around to see a great fairy staring daggers into your soul. "This is a sacred hall for fae and fae alone! You're just like the rest of ‘em," she says, scolding you. It's just a fairy right? What could she possibly do? Then again, something about her stirs fear inside of you. Something tells you that she is not to be messed with. "In fact, that's it," she yells, "I will stop this madness once and for all!" With that, the fae flies off. Thinking fast, you decide to follow her outside where you see her flying high in the air. "Fairies of Winston, listen to me,"  her voice booms through the entire grove making every fairy look her way. "We have always hidden ourselves in our grove, shied away from the outside world. Now that our location has been leaked to the public we are just letting them do whatever they want to OUR homes?! No more! The time has come for change and I shall personally see to it that our grove becomes the safe haven that it should be!" Looking around the grove, you see a few of the fairies back away while others are nodding their heads in agreement. You're also noticing 8 rather big fae (whom you assume must be the other great fairies) flying up, shouting protests. "But first I shall make some changes here," she says. You're wondering what she means by that when you see her creating an orb of purple magic between her hands. "The high council has let this happen. They did nothing to stop any of this. They have failed you and I shall hereby disband it." That's when she unleashes the orb of magic she had been creating. It starts spinning in place, turns white as the moon and splits into 9. Next thing you know, each of the little moons crashes down separately. You follow them with your eyes and you see that each of them are targetted at 9 different rather big flowers. Within moments, the moons crash down, destroying each of them and instantly the 8 great fae you saw flying up start falling down to the ground. You worry for their safety but they are luckily caught by their lesser fairy sisters. The flowers must have been the home flowers of these great fairies and destroying them caused them to lose their power! You can't believe what you have just witnessed. There's barely anything left of the flowers that got hit… yet strangely one flower still seems perfectly fine as if unscathed. A sunflower. There must be another great fairy somewhere then. The dark fae doesn't seem to notice though as she speaks up again. "The age of fairies has begun. Sunnyglade shall know the name of Narcissa Winston," she says and with that, she leaves the grove on her conquest of town.</p>